Sabah Ahmed struggles Echo throughout
Gaza it's a daunting task I have to rest
every flight of
stairs the difficulty of trying to
provide for a family when Israel has cut
off an entire population from the
resources they need to
survive we can hardly find a loaf of
bread and if available we just eat bread
without any other food item we do not
have income and even if there is nothing
to buy we cannot afford a decent meal my
children and I eat only a loaf of bread
and only once a
day there are 11 members of the suel
family and they live in B lahia in the
north hunger and thirst are spreading
and sabba is struggling to keep his
children alive even when they escape
death from Israel's near constant
attacks
come see for yourself the fridge is
completely empty nothing at all not even
water my children are starving to death
it's now infested with insects and
cockroaches there's nothing at all the
pans are
empty 85% of Palestinian children under
the age of five in Gaza are being forced
to go at least one in 3 days without
food the number of deaths from
dehydration and malnutrition is rising
in leaving parents helpless as famine
takes hold Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz